disable fetching dependencies if dataspace analysis is found (#1597)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/fuzzy-trees-suffer.md

---
'@finos/legend-server-depot': patch
---

> Remove usage of `latest` in DeportSeverClient in favor of directly using `MASTER_SNAPSHOT_ALIAS`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove usage of `latest` version alias in `DepotServerClient` in favor of directly using `MASTER_SNAPSHOT_ALIAS`
```
